Update Salesforce Unify Direct Integration (#7028)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/unify/salesforce-unify.md

Once configured, this integration lets you send Salesforce data directly to Segment Profiles, eliminating the need for a data warehouse and enabling faster data synchronization and profile enrichment.

> info "API usage and billing"

> > The Salesforce Unify Direct Profile Integration increases API usage. Verify your API limits and Segment billing before enabling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Salesforce Unify Direct Profile Integration increases API usage. Verify your API limits and Segment billing before you enable the Salesforce Unify Direct Profile Integration.
```

Finish by enabling the destination mappings and the source:

1. From the settings tab of the Segment Profiles destination you created, toggle the **Enable destination** switch to **Enabled**, then click **Save**. 
2. From the overview tab of the same Segment Profiles destination, toggle the **Mapping Status** switch to **Enabled**.

> 3. Return to your Salesforce source and navigate to **Settings > Basic settings.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Return to your Salesforce source and navigate to **Settings > Basic settings**.
```
